[Music]
good morning wife
because this is gray look out your
window why you know I'm taking you away
for the weekend I just can't believe
this was my life then I get to live with
you
it meant nothing to me before you Anna
Gray's office we wanted to welcome the
new fiction editor I bought it for us I
should have asked you first
oh my god Christian this is Jim Matteo
the architect this location is perfect
I'm going to build you a fabulous house
please stop speaking of my husband as if
I weren't here and you may call me mrs.
gray I'll pick you up the fire I may not
be done by
we're being followed
how the hell are you Anna
Jack what do you want
so you want to play yes sir
I made a vow to love you faithfully
forsaking all others did you sleep with
her to comfort you in times of need and
to keep you safe first long as we both
shall live